README.md, before:

# CE5508-Project III: HotelSmartService (SHS) 🚀

The code shown above is part of the course: CE5508 - SOA41D: Service Oriented Architecture Applied to Emerging Systems.

\_ _El código mostrado acontinuación formar parte de curso: CE5508 - SOA41D: Arquitectura Orientanda a Servicios Aplicada a Sistemas Emergentes._ \_

## App 📲

In construction.

## Prerequisites 📋

In construction.

## Installing 🔧

In construction.

## Run the App ⚙️

In construction.

## Built With 👷🏻

In construction.

## Version 📌

In construction.

## Author ✒️

- **Randy Martínez** - _Architect and Developer_ - [Git Personal](https://github.com/randyma01)

## Bibliography and References Used

En construcción.

All the credits goes to theres respective authors!

- React Native Signin and Signup with AWS Cognito.
  Tutorial by Eng. Alberto Aragón Alvarez from Altura Soluciones. The code shown in the tutorial was a guide
  to build this feature on the project.

  - (https://medium.com/alturasoluciones/react-native-signin-and-signup-with-aws-cognito-2a285599b7c4)
  - (https://github.com/albertoaa/rn_aws_cognito_demo)

- Screens, TabNavigations, Storage, Components, Language Translation, Redux.
  Tutorial by Vitalt Tatarintsev. The code shown the tutorial is a serie of differents articles publihed to
  teach how to build a complete App using most of the React Native tools. The code build in the project (SHS)
  is heavily based in the one of the tutorial. All the respective changes and adjustment were made in order
  to fulfill the needs of the project (SHS). The code of the app was use a guide.

  - (https://whatdidilearn.info/tags#BlitzReading)
  - (https://github.com/ck3g/BlitzReading)

- Display Multimedia.
  Tutorial by Sumit Kumar Pradhan and React Native Community. The code shown in the tutorial was a guide to build this feature on the
  project.

  - (https://www.skptricks.com/2018/07/show-image-from-http-url-in-react-native.html)
  - (https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-video)

Commit message:

Adding Sanity CMS. New README

README.md, after:

# CE5508-Project III: HotelSmartService (SHS) 🚀

The code shown above is part of the course: CE5508 - SOA41D: Service Oriented Architecture Applied to Emerging Systems.

\_ _El código mostrado acontinuación formar parte de curso: CE5508 - SOA41D: Arquitectura Orientanda a Servicios Aplicada a Sistemas Emergentes._ \_

## App 📲

In construction.

## Prerequisites 📋

In construction.

## Installing 🔧

In construction.

## Run the App ⚙️

In construction.

## Built With 👷🏻

- NodeJS: Javascript runtime environment. (v10.16.0)
- NPM: Package manaher for Node.js (v6.9.0)
- Expo SDK and ExpoCLI: Toolchain built upon React Native for hybrid mobile apps. (v2.19.5)
- AWS: Cloud service for development. In this system were used: AWS Simplify (DynamoDB, Cognito, )
- APIXU API: Weather and Climate API.
- Sanity.io: Content Manager System for deploying all the data. (v0.140.33)

## Version 📌

Actual version: v1.0.0.

## Author ✒️

- **Randy Martínez** - _Architect and Developer_ - [Git Personal](https://github.com/randyma01)

## Bibliography and References Used

All the credits goes to theres respective authors!

- React Native Signin and Signup with AWS Cognito.
  Tutorial by Eng. Alberto Aragón Alvarez from Altura Soluciones. The code shown in the tutorial was a guide
  to build this feature on the project.

  - (https://medium.com/alturasoluciones/react-native-signin-and-signup-with-aws-cognito-2a285599b7c4)
  - (https://github.com/albertoaa/rn_aws_cognito_demo)

- Screens, TabNavigations, Storage, Components, Language Translation, Redux.
  Tutorial by Vitalt Tatarintsev. The code shown the tutorial is a serie of differents articles publihed to
  teach how to build a complete App using most of the React Native tools. The code build in the project (SHS)
  is heavily based in the one of the tutorial. All the respective changes and adjustment were made in order
  to fulfill the needs of the project (SHS). The code of the app was use a guide.

  - (https://whatdidilearn.info/tags#BlitzReading)
  - (https://github.com/ck3g/BlitzReading)

- Display Multimedia.
  Tutorial by Sumit Kumar Pradhan and React Native Community. The code shown in the tutorial was a guide to build this feature on the
  project.

  - (https://www.skptricks.com/2018/07/show-image-from-http-url-in-react-native.html)
  - (https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-video)

- Sanity.io for CMS
  Tutorial by Knut Melvæ. The code shown in the tutorial was a guide to build this feature on the
  project.
  - (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ceM_tSus_M)
  - (https://www.sanity.io/docs/)
